README.md, before:

# Quiz and exam creation application

## Project description
The application is my project for my engineering thesis. 
Its main functionalities are the ability to create exams. Ability to create open-ended, closed-ended, multiple choice questions, etc. 
The application was created in the COVIDA era with the idea of supporting online knowledge testing. 
It has simple mechanisms to prevent cheating like setting the time for a question or browser tab change detection. 
The app also automatically checks closed questions, or can send an email with the results. 


## Technologies
The application is not a front-end work of art. 
The main goal of the project was to explore java language and learn nosql database MonogoDB
- **Backend**: Java + Spring Boot
- **Frontend**: Thymeleaf + TailwindCSS
- **Database**: MongoDB
- **Other**: Some Javascript to improve UX

## Some screenshots (question creator, exam managment)
![Screenshot1](screenshots/screenshot1.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot2.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot3.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot4.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot5.png)

Commit message:

Added docker-compose and updated the readme

README.md, after:

# Quiz and exam creation application

## Project description
The application is my project for my engineering thesis. 
Its main functionalities are the ability to create exams. Ability to create open-ended, closed-ended, multiple choice questions, etc. 
The application was created in the COVIDA era with the idea of supporting online knowledge testing. 
It has simple mechanisms to prevent cheating like setting the time for a question or browser tab change detection. 
The app also automatically checks closed questions, or can send an email with the results. 

## How to run?
You can run app using Docker, just download docker-compose and:

```docker-compose up```

Log in in to app with already created user: tomasz@nowak.pl Tomasz12345@ or register on your own.

## Technologies
The application is not a front-end work of art. 
The main goal of the project was to explore java language and learn nosql database MonogoDB
- **Backend**: Java + Spring Boot
- **Frontend**: Thymeleaf + TailwindCSS
- **Database**: MongoDB
- **Other**: Some Javascript to improve UX

## Some screenshots (question creator, exam managment)
![Screenshot1](screenshots/screenshot1.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot2.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot3.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot4.png)
![Screenshot2](screenshots/screenshot5.png)
